- During the second half of my sophomore year, I took ECGR 1202 with Dr. Shue. I bought a little two-wheeled robot for the class that was very frustrating to use, but it was the first embedded systems project I had ever worked on. The projects we did in class were simple, but I wanted more. I bought a Bluetooth enabled microcontroller off of Amazon and sought about connecting it to my phone over Bluetooth, and then connecting the Bluetooth board to the robot over a serial connection to control the robot with a simple app. I thought the board only had one Serial port–which I now know is false– so I had to develop my own serial communication protocol with interrupts. I ran into problems that I spoke to Dr. Shue about during office hours, and he was extraordinarily helpful to me. This project wasn't just important in showing me how enjoyable working in this field can be, but it also demonstrated how important the learning environment this school fosters is to me. I wouldn't have been able to complete this project if it weren't for Dr. Shue's help and how easy it was to approach him with my questions. It was a very important experience for me, which is why the robot that is giving me so much trouble in my intro to robotics class still holds a place in my heart.
- As I grew up, I always felt unconfident in myself and my abilities, but I was always eager to learn new things and develop myself. When I was 14, my parents bought me a guitar for Christmas and they couldn't pry it from my hands. After a little less than a year, I brought this guitar to school for a class project where I had to film a music video. Afterward, my classmates convinced me to plug in my guitar on the paved path between the main building and the trailers and start playing once the bell rang. As soon as people started walking to their next class, I started playing my favorite Metallica songs. Before I knew it I saw around 100 people crowded around the sidewalk watching me play. It was a crucial experience for me; proving that I am capable of honing skills that I and others can be proud of. After that day, I became much more confident in myself, and that white X-shaped guitar hangs on my wall in my childhood home as a reminder of that experience.
- New Gurbanguly City is a Discord server consisting of my closest friends, some of whom I met in middle school and the others in high school. For many years now, we have supported each other through difficult times and had great times hanging out and playing games together. They are an extremely important group of people to me, and the Discord server itself has so much history behind it that it might as well be a physical artifact. For example, the name "New Gurbanguly City" is both a reference to the fictional city "New Donk City" from Super Mario Odyssey and to the fact that we used to talk in a Skype group called Gurbanguly City, which makes the Discord server the New Gurbanguly City. 